detective recap here today i'm going to
explain a drama romance film called
secretary spoilers ahead watch out and
take care
lee holloway has her arms bound to a rod
attached to her back
she walks inside an office to take care
of her usual work before heading to
another room nearby
there she starts recalling how different
things were six months earlier and how
she left the mental institution she was
staying at on the day of her sister's
wedding
that day the doctor in charge of her
bids leave farewell while she anxiously
waits for her ride home
when her mother joan arrives to pick her
up she tries to greet lee happily but
lee just stares blankly at her
at the wedding lee watches as her sister
and her husband kiss to which she softly
claps
peter approaches her to ask if she's
happy to be home lee nods at first
but when peter asks again she tells him
that she doesn't know
later in the reception lee's father bert
greets her while drinking beer
lee tells him that she thought he had
stopped drinking but he ignores her and
gives his bottle to peter
clearly drunk bert then takes a seat to
drink some more before lee storms off to
her room
inside lee looks through her bed and
finds her old things from before she was
sent to the mental institution
she gets one of the dolls there to
sharpen it and with that leah is ready
to cut herself on the thigh
lee stops however when she sees her
sister leave with her husband in a
limousine
that night while he is boiling some
water she overhears her parents arguing
about bert's drinking and how he was
just fired from his job
lee moves closer to see what's happening
and is shocked to see her father pushing
joan down to the ground before leaving
the house
afterwards lee returns to the kitchen
and takes the hot water to her room
putting the hot kettle on her thigh and
burning her skin she smiles
looking like she enjoys hurting herself
the next day lea attends a typewriting
class where she gets to show how
exceptional she is with it until her
mother comes to pick her up
on the drive home lee recalls an
accident that she had with a knife in
the past
when they arrive joan carefully hides
some knives which lee catches her doing
when she walks in
locking the knives inside a shelf joan
tells her that she's just doing this as
a precaution
while lee simply stares at her before
going outside to throw some trash
in the bin lee finds her old sewing kit
and decides to pick it up
while taking the kit she also spots a
newspaper page with job ads
so she takes it as well before returning
inside back in her room
she reviews some of the job listings
while practicing some lines she could
say during her job interviews
the day after lee goes to one of the
addresses of the listings in the
newspaper
as she enters the office she is
surprised to find it all messed up with
a woman in tears leaving the place
still lee continues to make her way in
and when she moves deeper into the
office
she finds mr gray who was looking at a
picture of a blonde woman before lee
arrived
after introducing themselves to each
other mr gray asked strange questions to
lee
like if she's pregnant and if she lives
in an apartment and he nervously answers
them
as mr gray starts asking about these
awards he flips a button and reveals a
beautiful garden making lee gasps but
its beauty
after that lee gives her typing scores
to mr gray who's dialing on his phone
and asking lee for a cup of coffee
lee does as she's told and moves to the
pantry to get mr gray's coffee
accidentally drenching herself in the
process when she tried to refill the
water to spencer
when she returned to mr gray's office mr
gray tells lee how boring this job will
be and even comments on how uptight lee
is
he asks her if she'll ever loosen up but
lee just smiles at him saying that she
doesn't know
the phone suddenly rings and mr gray
tells her to just ignore it before
instructing her to put less sugar in the
coffee next time
with that lee heads over to joan's car
announcing to her mother that she got
the job
when they arrive home lee relaxes in her
bath and practices lines she would say
at work
the following morning lee starts her
first day at mr gray's office
she runs errands for him organizes his
paperwork sends files to his partners
and holds things for him
afterwards lee stares inside mr gray's
room watching him tend to the flowers in
the garden before finally entering to
leave some donuts for him
mr gray mentions that he threw some
notes away and lee offers to look for
them in the garbage
the two stare at each other for a second
before lee leaves as lee searches
through the garbage mr grey curiously
stares at her from his window
once she found the papers she walks
outside first and finds joan they're
waiting for her
lee tells her mother that she's staying
there for five more hours and joan
promises to wait before lee heads back
to mr grey's room
he dismisses lee when she tried handing
over the papers to him saying that he
already found copies of them and instead
he orders lee to do more things
though she tries her best to do them all
she ends up struggling while trying to
set up a mousetrap by a chair
mr gray starts checking her out and lee
catches him they lock eyes and stare at
each other again before the phone rings
by the front desk
later lee is tending to her wounds from
earlier when mr gray sees her
embarrassed lee stops and packs her
things up while mr gray watches by the
door before leaving
after work lee and joan talk about lee's
day and joan mentions that peter called
her
making lee smile later lee meets up with
peter in a nearby laundromat
when they start talking about being in
relationships lee chugs down a glass of
wine
shortly after the two are talking about
how much they've both changed since high
school when mr gray suddenly enters the
laundromat
he notices lee and peter talking about
underwear before they start kissing
mr gray quickly looks away and returns
to his car at work the next day
a frustrated mr gray storms to lee and
hands her a letter with three typing
errors in it
embarrassed lee apologizes but mr gray
still gives her an earful before
ordering her to retype it and get it
right
throughout the day lee tries to fix her
mistakes but she ends up redoing her
letters repeatedly
frustrating her as she anxiously works
on them again by the end of the day
lee goes to mr grey's room and submits
another letter for him mr gray ignores
this at first in favor of ordering her
to make a bill for a woman outside
but suddenly he notices a tear in lee's
skirt so he starts lecturing her
scolding her for the disgusting way she
dresses and for her incessant fidgeting
from her hair playing to her constant
sniffing
lee heads to the pantry where she
practices how she'll thank mr gray for
his suggestions since she's trying to be
the best secretary for him but when
she's about to return to his office
she stops upon hearing him screaming and
scolding someone else for their typing
job
she then returns to the front desk
anxiously sitting there and playing with
her hair
later after leaving the office lee goes
to peter's house where the two are
together with peter's parents
the next day mr gray calls lee to his
office then tells her to pick up the
phone
lee's confused since there is no ringing
coming from it but mr gray suddenly
starts making ringing noises
making me answer the phone mr gray then
points out that lee should have a bigger
voice and that she should sound more
confident in herself when she speaks
he then asks her to sit with him by his
couch and asks if she's been on a date
recently
lee says yes telling him that she was
with peter when mr gray asks if they've
slept together
lee laughs the question off and answers
with no they then talk about shyness and
how it shouldn't stop them from opening
up to each other before mr gray starts
asking about lee's wounds and the sewing
kit she always has
this takes leah back and she only tells
him that she's shy still
they laugh before mr gray offers her
some hot chocolate as she drinks mr gray
asks her why she hurts herself
when lee says she doesn't know he asks
if it's because she needs to see proof
of the pain she's feeling inside to
remind her that she's really here and if
it's because watching the wound heal is
comforting
still surprised lee agrees with him and
he starts telling her that she will
never hurt herself again
it's in the past now lee nervously nods
her head and agrees yet again
he instructs her to leave work early
walk home and breathe in the fresh air
since she's a grown woman
before leaving mr gray takes a photo of
lee as she smiles and laughs
now looking looser and more relaxed as
she leaves work lee tells her mother
that she'll be taking walks from now on
speaking to herself she realizes that
she's never walked alone before and that
she's beginning to feel something for mr
gray
the next day at work mr gray angrily
scolds lee over a spelling mistake
making lee sniffle again
hearing this mr gray demands lee to go
to his office and there he orders her to
read her letter on the table while she's
been over
when lee says she doesn't understand mr
gray asserts that there's nothing to
understand before repeating his
instruction
as she starts reading mr gray suddenly
smacks lee on her bottom
making her stop and stare at him in
shock mr gray tells her to continue
while proceeding to smack her as she
reads the rest of the letter
when she finishes mr gray orders her to
read the letter again but this
time he's smacking her more lee seems to
like what mr gray is doing until he
suddenly stops
bending over near her and laying his
hands close to hers as the two breathe
heavily
leigh entwines her pinky with mr grace
but he tells her to straighten herself
out before getting back to work
as she leaves mr gray's office a steamy
lee thinks about what just happened
before returning to the front desk lee
looks at her rear which is now bruised
up from mr graves banks
still lee looks more aroused than she is
in pain and with that she returns to her
station
lee submits her letter to mr gray who
then visits her while she's scanning
some files to tell her that she did well
making lee smile at home lee tells her
mother that she could remove the lock on
the cabinet now
the morning after lee throws her old
stuff into the river letting go of her
past
before making her way to mr gray's
office throughout the day
mr gray orders lea around making her do
outrageous things while she willingly
submits herself to all of mr grey's
orders
later in the night before lee sleeps she
touches herself while thinking of mr
gray being with her
as she's doing it she suddenly sees a
picture of peter but she puts it down
and lets her thoughts drift back to mr
gray
the next day while mr gray speaking with
a client on the phone lee spots a
mistake on a letter she's working on
she thinks about erasing it but she
decides against it wanting mr grey to
spot it
when she comes up to him mr gray ignores
her in her attempts at seducing him
annoyed lee moves back to her station
later before lee leaves for home she
asks mr gray if he needs her to do
anything else
mr gray tells her that she's good for
the day and lee heads back home
frustrated
the morning after lee is hanging out
with joan and some friends when someone
called joan
telling her that bird has been confined
to the hospital rushing to see bird joan
cries when she sees her husband in bed
while lee leaves from mr grey's house
instead
when she arrives mr gray is surprised to
see her there and lee stammers trying to
tell him how she feels but she ends up
making an excuse about a letter needed
the next day
mr gray just plays along thanking lee
for reminding him before turning her
away
the next day mr gray pushes lee away
even more removing her from his office
stopping their activities together and
even throwing away the red markers he
uses to correct her typing errors
lee tries to seduce mr gray even more
but he just keeps turning her down
this frustrates lee who's desperately
trying to win him back by any means
necessary
later that night lee is back home and
inside her bathroom
she tries to smack herself while
thinking of how mr gray did it but she
fails to recreate the feeling
the next morning she finds a worm in her
yard and places it into one of mr gray's
letters
as she does this mr gray is surprised
and he only watches her before cleaning
himself off in the restroom
when he returns to his office lee
watches him longingly
later that day lee is making out with
peter in bed she tries to make him smack
her bottom but peter just moves his
hands back up
lee then bends over on top of peter
insisting that he shouldn't be afraid
but peter misunderstands this and tries
to hook up with her instead
though lee looks disappointed at first
she eventually lets peter hook up with
her under her conditions
when peter finishes lee still looks
disappointed and her thoughts keep
returning to mr gray
the next day mr gray finds the letter
with the worm and places it on a blank
piece of paper
then using a red marker he encircles the
worm to show lee her error as she comes
inside his office
when lee enters she hears someone ring
the doorbell but mr gray tells her to
ignore it
he orders her to bend over pull up her
skirt and remove her underwear
lee is surprised by this but she
reluctantly follows as mr gray stares at
her
slowly getting closer before touching
and pleasuring himself as he does this
he starts shaking and gasping before
leaning against lee
finishing himself off and walking back
to his chair while he does this
lija stays in place looking confused but
satisfied with what's happening
as mr gray sits he gives lee some work
to do despite her ongoing confusion lee
accepts
she then goes to the restroom and sees a
stain that mr gray left on her
making her smile before she starts
touching herself moaning and talking to
herself while imagining mr gray on her
in the other stall lee's co-worker hears
all of this and lee continues until she
finishes
meanwhile mr gray finds a stain left on
his zipper making him clean his pants
immediately
desperately trying to remove the stain
afterwards mr gray takes picture frames
of lee's letters and smashes them up
in a restaurant nearby lee listens to a
tape about coming out as a submissive or
dominant person
as for mr gray he's by the parking lot
burning his photographs of lee and sadly
watching the pictures melt away
the next day mr gray calls lee up to his
office and asks her the same questions
he asked her when she applied for the
job
lee is surprised by this but she plays
along answering all his questions
finally mr gray tells her that he likes
her but she can't work for him because
of her behavior
still thinking that this is all a game
lee plays along with him until he tells
her to take her things away
surprised lee asks him for a timeout but
mr gray is serious and tells her that
she's fired
lee doesn't believe this and she starts
tearing up before slapping mr gray
in turn he starts pointing out lee's
annoying antics trying to push her away
but lisa bits to him reassuring him that
she'll just follow him
mr grey then appears to lean into kisly
before moving to his chair
as he sits he tells her that she must
leave or else he won't stop
he says that he can't take it anymore
but lee keeps trying to reassure him
professing that she wants to know him
more
she then massages mr gray's head
relaxing him but he still gives her a
letter containing her pay and tells her
to get out
in the end lee's forced to pack her
things up and leave crying while
remembering the woman she saw on the day
of the interview
her eyes also filled with tears in the
days after she pretends to leave for mr
gray's office
watching it from across the street and
she even sees the new girl he hired as
his secretary
she then tries meeting other people
seeing if their odd preferences would
fit hers but she eventually stops
and instead she focuses on helping her
dad out later peter proposes to her
she says yes not because she wanted to
marry him but because she didn't have
any other choice
as she tries on her wedding dress she
suddenly removes her veil to stare at
herself in the mirror
lee then storms off leaving her
engagement ring on a table as she runs
to mr gray's office
there she confesses to mr gray that she
loves him but he denies this
telling her that they've resolved
everything when he gave her severance
check
lee keeps reiterating her love for him
until mr gray orders her to keep her
palms on his desk keeping her there
until he returns
leo baze waiting for mr gray while he
watches her from outside
later mr gray calls peter and informs
him that lee is in his office
afterwards mr gray calls the phone
inside his office and is surprised to
see lee trying to answer it with her
mouth
seeing this mr gray mutters to himself
admitting that he likes lee
too back inside peter suddenly enters
the room much to lee's disappointment
she tells peter to leave claiming that
he's trespassing but the already
confused peter could only ask what's
happening and why she's not moving her
hands away from the table
she ignores him and when peter suddenly
moves her away from the table
she screams in anger slapping and
hurting peter before returning to the
desk to place her hands back on top of
it
she then tells peter that she doesn't
want him and that he needs to get out
making the poor man leave
the morning after leah's sleepless and
tired while she stays at the table
even with people coming to visit her and
talk some sense into her others support
her but she only ignores them as she
continues to stay there
meanwhile the rest of the people outside
continue with their lives including mr
gray who just stays at home thinking
about lee
on lee's third day of staying inside the
office a local news crew report outside
of the office
stirring up attention later that night
mr gray finally makes his way back to
the office and holds lee giving her some
coffee
lee is relieved to see him as he takes
her from the office then drives away to
his house
while carrying her up to his room lee
hugs him tighter looking happy and
relieved as he gently sets her down on a
bed of grass
he then prepares a bath for her and
cleans her up washing her gently before
drying her off with a towel
he then sets her back on the bed of
grass so he can stare at her bare body
carefully looking at each of her scars
to this lee says that for the first time
she truly feels beautiful the day after
lee starts asking mr
great questions about his life while he
kisses parts of her body she asks where
he was born
and he tells her that he was born in des
moines iowa before kissing her again
later lee muses about how they
eventually started looking like any
other normal couple
they got married and had their honeymoon
in the mountains one morning
she's helping mr gray get ready for work
and they kiss each other goodbye
as he leaves lee places a cockroach on
the bed then dreamily watches mr gray's
car drive away
subscribe to watch more videos like this
turn on notifications
and leave a like it really helps the
channel out thank you for watching